Welcome!!

In this Game there are 5 Options to control the Pac-man Character. Option 1 is to use the arrow keys to operate the Pac-man. Options 2 is to use the arrow keys on the number pad to operate the Pac-man and option 3 is to use the keys 'w', 'a', 's' & 'd'. 

The 4th option to control the Pac-man character, provided for mobile device users, are touch screen buttons that cover the game level. In the image above, you'll notice that there are four triangles and each triangle represents a direction that the Pac-man will go.

The 5th option is a Pc controller, like an xBox controller. Players can control there Pac-man character with the right or left joy stick, or even the D-Pad. I hope everyone will find a control scheme that will allow them to fully enjoy this experience.

This section is reserved for Bumping.

There are various types of fruits with unique properties. A fruit can either lead to you to victory or to your demise. Unlike the original Pac-man be careful what you eat!

The red Apple is a simple low reward fruit. A player will gain 50 points for eating an Apple. There is no fruit effect, this is a safe fruit... for now.

If you want speed, this is the fruit for you. Pac-man speed will double when this 10 point fruit is consumed. Perfect for when you need a quick escape or see a potential victory bump. Just be careful, because your will be reduced density.

Cherries are simply high reward fruits. A player will gain 350 points for eating a Cherry. There is no fruit effect for cherries, it simply just gives you a lot of points. 

Pac-mans are surprising very light-weight and this fruit is enough for the yellow munchers to becomes drunk. The Grapes are definitely the most interesting fruits in the bunch. You do get a slight speed boost, but the price is that you'll lose all control of this drunkard.

The Plump Dense Orange fills you up and slows you down. The Pac-mans character slows down to 60% of the thier base speed. This many seem like it could be self-destructive, but used correctly, and this fruit can win you the game. 

The Pear/Melon gives you 50 points but the fruit effect is TBD.

The Pretzel gives you 50 points and the some strange reason Ghosts run home once a player eats this salty treat. Even when they are in chase mode, they stay away from this player and chance other players.

The Sweet Strawberry gives you 350 points, however this fruit's aroma attracts ghosts as well. When a player eats this fruits, many ghosts all over the board will immediately chase down the said player. 

The Results' Guide

A player is awarded the title 'King' when they have the highest score and survived the longest in a game with more than 2 players.

A player is awarded the title 'Winner' when they survived the longest in a game with more than 2 players but did not have the highest score. If the game has exactly two players, then it would go to the player that survived the longest, regardless of the score.

A player is awarded the title 'Fallen King' when they have the highest score but did not survive the longest in a game with more than 2 players. Hence 'Fallen'... 

For players that aren't awarded any special title, we encourage you to try again. Maybe next time you'll win.



Bumping is when to Pac-man characters encounter each other. If they both have base density, then both characters will be sent back a set knock back distance. However, the knock back distance can be different depending on the Pac-man characters density. The density and the knockback are relative to each other. 
